############
Common tasks
############

These are little how-to guides for some common tasks, in no particular order:

Update the property tables
==========================

The `network <https://docs.bitxor.dev/guides/network/configuring-network-properties.html>`__ and `node <https://docs.bitxor.dev/guides/network/configuring-node-properties.html>`__ pages contain `static HTML snippets <https://github.com/bitxorcorp/bitxor-docs/tree/main/source/_static>`__ autogenerated from the BitxorCore source code and Bootstrap's config files.

The generation code is in the `bitxorcore-docs-cli <https://github.com/bitxorcorp/bitxor-docs/tree/main/bitxorcore-docs-cli>`__ repository and you will need to use the ``properties`` command.

`The README <https://github.com/bitxorcorp/bitxor-docs/blob/main/bitxorcore-docs-cli/README.md>`__ already contains a section on how to generate these tables.

Whenever one of the default property values changes you will need to update the tables and commit the resulting HTML files in the ``bitxor-docs`` repository.

Update the serialization tables
===============================

The `serialization <https://docs.bitxor.dev/serialization/index.html>`__ tables are also autogenerated using the `bitxorcore-docs-cli <https://github.com/bitxorcorp/bitxor-docs/tree/main/bitxorcore-docs-cli>`__ repository, using the ``serialization`` command.

`The README <https://github.com/bitxorcorp/bitxor-docs/blob/main/bitxorcore-docs-cli/README.md>`__ already contains a section on how to generate these tables.

The ``serialization`` command will generate a standalone HTML file for each structure and a single ``.rst`` or ``.md`` file including all of them to be used as the Serialization page in the docs. The command already puts the files in their proper place in the ``bitxor-docs`` folder.

The individual HTML files can be included in any doc page using the ``.. serializationref::`` directive.

.. _doc-redirections:

Redirections
============

Whenever you rename or remove an existing doc page chances are you are breaking somebody's link to the docs. To avoid this, leave a **Redirect** in place.

The `redirects <https://github.com/bitxorcorp/bitxor-docs/blob/main/source/redirects>`__ file in the ``source`` folder contains a list of pairs "old-name new-name", separated by a space. In the build process, Sphinx will create HTML files for all "old-names" which contain a redirect to the "new-name".

.. caution:: The path to the new name is still a mystery to me. It seems to be relative to the location of the "old-name", but you need to go up a directory and then down again. **Test thoroughly**, both locally and once deployed.